Add cookie policy (#10)
cuvva/terms: cookies.md

> As with most websites, we use cookies. Cookies don’t apply to the Cuvva app, but they apply when you visit our website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with most websites, we use cookies. Cookies don't apply to the Cuvva app, but they apply when you visit our website.
```

(straight quotes please)

**What are cookies?**

> Cookies are small data files that many internet sites download to a user’s device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cookies are small data files that many internet sites download to a user's device. 
```

(straight quotes please)

We use other third party services which create cookies: [Facebook Pixel](https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies "a link the Facebook cookie policy"), [Intercom Messenger](https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#cookie-policy "a link to the Intercom cookie policy"), [Microsoft Bing Ads](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-GB/privacystatement#maincookiessimilartechnologiesmodule "a link to the Microsoft cookie policy") and [Branch Web SDK](https://branch.io/cookie-declaration/ "a link to the Branch cookie policy"). 

**You can turn off or edit your cookies:** 

- Via this [tool](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN "a link to a tool to help you opt out of cookies"), or
- In the settings of your web browser

How exactly you do that will depend on your browser or device settings. Try looking in your ‘Help’ section, or searching [how to block cookies](https://cookies.insites.com/disable-cookies/ "a link with information on disabling cookies"). 

Once turned off, you might still see ads for Cuvva in other places. But these will be more general and not based on your specific information. 

> If you need a hand, chat to us in the app and we’ll be happy to help. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a hand, chat to us in the app and we'll be happy to help. 
```

(straight quotes)

> 

Reviewer: Only one trailing newline please
